README.md, before:

# mastodon-flat-css
Mastodon Flat CSS (MFC) is a flat CSS theme for Mastodon, with varying palette options. Formerly known as Mastodon Midnight Blue.

# Demo screenshots
See all palette demos in the screenshots/ subfolder.
## Midnight Blue
![Midnight Blue](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-midnightBlue.png)
## Clean Slate
![Clean Slate](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-cleanSlate.png)
## Flamingo
![Flamingo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-flamingo.png)

# How to use
1. Install a user-style manager, such as [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus).
2. Create New Style
3. Copy-and-paste the contents of [mastodonFlat.css](https://github.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/blob/master/mastodonFlat.css) into your new user-style.
4. Uncomment your desired color palette, or set your own color variables. 
5. Set the style to be applied to URLs on the domain of your instance (e.g. mastodon.social)
6. Enjoy!

Alternatively, this theme may be installed from userstyles.org: https://userstyles.org/styles/153362

# Tweaks included
This theme applies a few colors, but leaves the class names somewhat ungrouped so that you can experiment for yourself if you wish to modify this theme with your own color choices. This theme also removes borders for a flat look, as well as replaces the font on most text elements. Finally, it forces the full display name and account handle to be shown, and on separate lines.

# Etc.
Feel free to contact or follow me on Mastodon if you wish: [@trwnh@mastodon.social](http://mastodon.social/@trwnh)

Commit message:

added ways to support me because i need to survive

README.md, after:

# mastodon-flat-css
Mastodon Flat CSS (MFC) is a flat CSS theme for Mastodon, with varying palette options. Formerly known as Mastodon Midnight Blue.

# Demo screenshots
See all palette demos in the screenshots/ subfolder.
## Midnight Blue
![Midnight Blue](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-midnightBlue.png)
## Clean Slate
![Clean Slate](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-cleanSlate.png)
## Flamingo
![Flamingo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/master/screenshots/mfc-flamingo.png)

# How to use
1. Install a user-style manager, such as [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus).
2. Create New Style
3. Copy-and-paste the contents of [mastodonFlat.css](https://github.com/trwnh/mastodon-flat-css/blob/master/mastodonFlat.css) into your new user-style.
4. Uncomment your desired color palette, or set your own color variables. 
5. Set the style to be applied to URLs on the domain of your instance (e.g. mastodon.social)
6. Enjoy!

Alternatively, this theme may be installed from userstyles.org: https://userstyles.org/styles/153362

# Tweaks included
This theme applies a few colors, but leaves the class names somewhat ungrouped so that you can experiment for yourself if you wish to modify this theme with your own color choices. This theme also removes borders for a flat look, as well as replaces the font on most text elements. Finally, it forces the full display name and account handle to be shown, and on separate lines.

# Etc.
- Feel free to contact or follow me on Mastodon if you wish: [@trwnh@mastodon.social](http://mastodon.social/@trwnh)
- If you'd like to support me, then you can offer patronage at [liberapay.com/trwnh](http://liberapay.com/trwnh) or a one-time donation at [cash.me/$trwnh](http://cash.me/$trwnh) or [paypal.me/trwnh](http://paypal.me/trwnh)
